do you want to get better grades but you
hate studying well I traveled to four
Ivy League schools such as Harvard and
MIT to ask the students what are your
top study advice what are your top study
tips for us I think it's good not to
study where you relax and chill I try
not to study in my room I feel like when
I'm in my room even if I'm on my laptop
I have all my study materials just like
spread out in front of me I'll still
feel like oh let me just like get on my
phone or something but if I'm in a
library I see everyone else studying
I'll feel guilty if I open up YouTube or
something so yeah they keep you
accountable yeah and you've to be quiet
too so you can't like laugh so you can't
take her the one thing I learned is all
the stuff you're given is easy if you
start early it's just starting early
that's hard procrastination is not
something that's easy to get over so
when you think of it the moment you
remember oh I have to study for that
test even if it's like a week from now
you should start then for like papers
even if it's just writing out an outline
just like one sentence for each
paragraph that I want in the paper like
I'll just do that and have that sit
there at least so that it's something to
work off of when I got to get around to
it
like that don't procrastinate don't
procrastinate even though you will
procrastinate but try not to yeah that's
really good yeah anything else there's
no other fine prints to study with even
if they're not really yeah that's
controversial because I don't study well
with friends yeah I agree with you so I
was very much a self-study ER and
undergrad but I think that ended up
pushing me to weird emotional limits
studying with people here and even
though we're not doing the same classes
just being around other people who can
keep you emotionally grounded has been
really
support for me that is true because like
it gets really stressful trying exams
right
like if you're emotionally better you're
gonna be able to work function better
okay don't be afraid to go to office
hours because in high school asking
questions you might think that's like
kind of stupid but in college it's
different and everyone goes to office
hours that is actually good because
professors they can explain one-on-one
right you can usually tell it's gonna be
on the test
from what's in the homework whenever
it's important when I study for whenever
I study for a test I try to solve all
the homeworks the night before and I
pick out what the professor like spent a
lot of time on usually there will be
multiple iterations of the same type of
problems so try to formalize that like
be like alright as long as I know these
parameters just enter those in and I'm
gonna know how to do that like what
equation is important have it in your
head it's more about memorizing the
structure of the questions like the
secrets like the process what formulas
you use where do you find the numbers
and taking it one step further if the
professor provides you with the practice
exam that's like thank God because
literally just memorize the format of
how to answer each of those test
questions right you should try to
understand it though cuz obviously it's
just way better and you're here to learn
yeah sucks ass a lot of the time and
just know that everyone knows that yeah
right I think a lot of people feel like
they're the only one who thinks like oh
I hate this like everyone else having so
much fun like know that it sucks for
everyone and like be students it still
sucks for sure absolutely like that it's
gonna suck a lot of the time but that's
just a part of the struggle right once
you get over that barrier it's gonna
feel great just practice just keep doing
practice like COD Academy is really good
all I could say is practice the more
like you keep seeing the kind of
questions that they ask the better that
you'll be equipped to answering those
kind of questions when you know you have
to give up give up give up early that's
good because there are times in my life
when I've just been so overwhelmed with
all the work that I have that I lose out
on all of them like I feel like it's
better to have aids in the classes that
matter than bees overall or C's like I
understand that for some people B is not
failing but there are some classes for
which like studying too like midnight
the night before isn't going to help you
because like the curve exists right use
the curve you have to enjoy the work you
do sure you're gonna stress out and
study and have to put yourself to study
things that you don't like to do but at
the end of the day after you graduate
your focus is gonna be on what you chose
to study right and what you chose to be
a major in and and you better enjoy it
because if you don't enjoy it then then
I don't know what you're doing in
college it's brutal but like you find
something you enjoy and that's gonna
make this studying easy because it's not
gonna feel like studying it's gonna feel
like working towards something that you
aspire to be in the future or working
toward something that you you feel is
like productive and something you're
passionate about that's awesome nice
patience patience okay
nice you from here down with you that if
you want more study tips click that
subscribe button and hit the
notification button so you can get that
a plus on your next test
click the screen to watch another video
and I will see you next time